come on me on your way Fred come on
let's go I'm afraid how can you be
afraid oh no I'm just scared of that
thing whoa oh no he's dr. self later two
hours to be exact ah my back to piss we
got windy pack up I'll a somebody hmm oh
hey dude do you know what's happened
today no no or just just three more
rumbles mad bull some more rock washes
up so where'd you get that um Duke why
do you have a banana um because I do but
the banana white get something else fine
how about an alien no all right all
right I'll use this knife that's a
that's good better okay come on let's go
destroy these rock monsters much better
oh crap oh no they had fright blasters
ah waste rounder we surrender what
happened oh he's dead they killed Rex oh
no you don't you'll never get me alive
oh no we got him he's dug
hmm glad I saw three guns again oh that
was fun let's do it again sometime